# Meeting Agenda 

- **Group**:        shed
- **Date**:         10-09-21
- **Chair**:        Samuel Kajava
- **Participants**: Samuel Kajava, Daniel Rygaard, Pouya Shirin & Emil Svensson

## Objectives

* Is everyone up to speed with git (PRs and branches)
* We have started backend, next step?
* Frontend
* Seminar on Tuesday
* RAD, SDD and user stories
* Domain model
* Questions for meeting with supervisor

## Reports

* Samuel: 
  * UI
    * UI done for start page
    * Showing all products is in sketch phase
  * Group contract not done
  * Trello is setup and running with user stories

* Everyone:
  * UML is done for domain model

## Discussion items

* Is everyone comfortable with using branches and making pull requests?
* How should we proceed from now with the backend?
* Are we prepared for the seminar on Tuesday? If not, what is left?
* We need to look over the assignments, how are we doing here?
* How is the domain mdoel looking?


## Outcomes and assignments

* Outcomes from discussion items. Write down what's decided and why it was desided. Sync with other documentation (att terms to wordbook).
* (re)Assign to each group member which issues to solve.

### Outcomes

* Git:
  * Everyone is set up now, use GitHub desktop if unsure on how to use git.
  * Have "stenkoll" on how it works until Monday.

* Backend:
  * At the moment we are only parsing one variable from `data.json`. We need to get all variables.
  * How should we represent the data? 
  * We need to create UML for the backend, in order to start building.
  * We need a search algorithm
  * We need a sort algorithm
  * We need a filter algorithm

* Frontend:
  * MVC and JavaFX
  * JavaFX should only be used in views and controllers.
  * Divide as much as possible into components
  * Prioritize making it run without any fancy graphics, it should work without any graphics. Use mockups in figma for coding.

* Seminar on Tuesday (Domain model):
  * We need to rehearse on Monday to make sure we're on the same page.
  * For meeting with Pelle - what should we exclude from UML diagram.

* RAD, SDD and user stories:
  * We need to look over all stories in order to respect INVEST. Do this after meeting.

* Questions for Pelle:
  * Feedback on everything
  * Domain model seminar
  * Travis problem with .iml-file

### Assignments



## Wrap up
* Unresolved issues for next meeting:

* Meetings next week: 13/9 - 10.00, 16/9 - 8.00
