# Meeting Agenda 

- **Group**:        shed
- **Date**:         2021-09-06
- **Chair**:        Samuel Kajava
- **Participants**: Samuel Kajava, Daniel Rygaard, Pouya Shirin & Emil Svensson

## Objectives

* Group agreement for handling problems
* Basic functionality
* Discuss Features
* Project arrangement (from last meeting)
  * UI overview
  * User stories
  * Dev strategy
* How and when should we work this week?

## Reports

* We can scrap google services, since we're in the same language a RESTful API would be overkill and result in unnecessary.

* Emil's scrape is alive!!!

## Discussion items

* Should we create a group agreement in text form in order to handle problems arising within the group?
* What will the basic functionality be? We need to get this clear in order to start designing the UI (features)
  * -> We need to create user stories for the project
* What strategy should we use for developing this? Pair programming?

## Outcomes and assignments

* Outcomes from discussion items. Write down what's decided and why it was desided. Sync with other documentation (att terms to wordbook).

* (re)Assign to each group member which issues to solve.

### Outcomes

* How and when should we work this week?
  * We need to book group rooms
  * Dates:
    * 6 sep 15-17
    * 7 sep 8-12
    * 9 sep workshop 10.00-11.45
    * Fridays are empty
  * Meetup spot:
    * At the main entry

* Features:
  * Show products with detailed view
  * Filter categories
  * Search products
  * APK leaderboard
  * Later on:
    * Choose ingredients and show cheapest version
    * Get random drink
    * Drinking games
  * Carousel with product showcase
  * Save products in list/favorites
    * maybeeee: add products to cart on systembolaget.se
  * Show quantity
  * Choose preferred store

* Dev strategy:
  * In the beginning: Wait with frontend until backend is done
    * Backend
    * UI
  * JavaFX should only be in Controllers and views.


### Assignments

* Samuel
  * Group contract
  * Set up Trello for sprint
  * Start with UI

* Everyone:
  * UML for backend

## Wrap up

* **Next meeting**: 10/9
